The level begins with a cutscene that continues where the previous one - in which Eleven is able to escape from his friends by entering the school - left off. The cutscene starts with Eleven leaning against the door she just closed. Immediately, she uses her powers to throw a locker in front of the door, in order to block the entrance. After a few seconds, Eleven’s friends try to brute force their way in, but with no success. Eleven breathes a sigh of relief causing the player to feel safe. The lighting of the area is warm and cosy, and the music is kind of relaxing, so the player should have a feeling of relief just like Eleven's.

The cutscene ends and the player is now able to control Eleven again. There is a quite long hallway to cross: as the player crosses it, the ambient becomes colder and colder, foreshadowing that something bad is going to happen. Halfway through the hallway, Dustin says to his friends that he has a plan to capture her. The player should understand that, even though they found shelter in school, they are in a zone of danger. Eleven starts thinking aloud about where she would be able to escape, until she recalls an alternative exit in the south hall: now the player knows where to go.

As the player arrives near the secretary, located just at the end of the hallway, a sound of heavy and metallic footsteps is heard. After a few seconds, Dustin begins to speak through speakers, letting the player know that he flooded the school with his deadly robots. The footsteps sound increases in intensity, a red-light search-sensor becomes visible in front of the player and an anxious music starts playing. These elements cooperate to create a feeling of powerlessness and anxiety. The camera programmatically moves slightly towards an acceptance desk nearby (but leaving the player control over Eleven) suggesting the player that it could work as a hideout.

If the player hides behind the acceptance desk, then a cutscene starts. If the player is not hidden yet when the robots come out, a short cutscene hides them automatically. Then, the camera moves towards the incoming danger: a big robot with a siren implanted over its head. Suddenly, the robot notices a mannequin, alerts its companions with the siren alarm and starts attacking the mannequin, destroying it brutally. The scene should make crystal clear the fact that the player should try to avoid the robots at any cost.

The player must now stealthily reach the alternative exit, solving puzzle during the way.

When they arrive there, the player sees that the exit is patrolled by robots and an Eleven’s monologue explain that they have to find another way out. During this contemplation, the player hears a robot coming and has to get near a locker and press a button to enter it (the game will help the player by prompting on screen that they have to press that button in order to hide). Inside the locker, the player can move the camera but only slightly, making them see the robot pass through the grate of the locker. After a few seconds, a prompt appears on screen letting the player know that it is now safe to exit.

Eleven thinks aloud letting the player know that the gym could be a nice spot to escape. The player must now stealthily look for a hole in the ground in order to reach the gym which is placed on the floor below. When the player is near the hole a cutscene starts.